[EXT-103] Zendesk (#280)
awell-health/awell-extensions: extensions/zendesk/README.md

---
title: Zendesk
description: Zendesk is a customer service and support platform that provides a suite of tools and software for businesses to manage their customer interactions.
---

# Zendesk

Zendesk is a customer service and support platform that provides a suite of tools and software for businesses to manage their customer interactions. It offers a range of customer service solutions, including help desk ticketing systems, customer support and engagement, and self-service options. Zendesk is designed to help companies streamline their customer support processes, improve communication with their customers, and resolve issues more efficiently.

## Extension settings

> In order to set up this extension, you will need:
> 
> 2. An **Sales API token** - visit Zendesk Sales CRM dashboard and go to **Settings > Integration > OAuth** to enable and create API token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to set up this extension, you will need a **sales API token**. You can visit Zendesk Sales CRM dashboard and go to **Settings > Integration > OAuth** to enable and create an API token.
```
